Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we're going to do in this lecture is whenever a user orders of products, we are automatically
going to display that product in the order screen without having to refresh.
Okay.
Now, to do this ribbon around this this view that beta with something known as a future beta.
So we that we, we are automatically going to call it that fetch orders over over the screen.
Okay.
So now to do this, what we can do is we can get rid of this for now.
It is over here, right?
Then we can use control and see to copy and then delete.
Okay.
Now I'm going to wrap this with what a future view there.
Future.
You there?
Okay.
Now, the future bidder has a property known as future.
The future is going to be this variable order.
Provider and then we're going to need to assess the French borders.
So we as well calling it yet.
Okay.
Now, this future border also has a property known as border.
This is going to take in the context.
Okay.
And is going to take in snapshots.
And so now we can tell how the others are going to be displayed.
So we're going to return now to.
Return the least.
Least viewed the reader.
Okay, I think we need a semicolon.
Okay, now we can then.
Hotz, we start this.
And as well you can have it chair como via.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
We can use Katrina necessary now.
Okay.
So I said that change.
Now we can try.
Okay.
Now we can click on this and add to cards.
And.
Cards.
Check out.
Okay.
Now we can make sure it's.
It has been ordered.
Okay.
We can just do this one more time.
And now let's check our order screen.
Okay.
Send this because you can see for the now the images and also that that's why we have in this error.
So now we can check my orders.
Okay.
You can see the wire, and now we can delete it live.
You can see.
Okay.
Great.
Sounds good.
Okay.
You can try again and hopefully no errors.
This.
It's the cards.
Cards.
Okay.
Order.
You can sit over.
Now, if you think there's any here, you can do to let me know.
Okay?
Okay, guys.
See you soon.